The winters are brutally cold and seem to last forever.
The snowfall is excessive, making driving a nightmare.
The roads are covered in potholes from all the freezing and thawing.
The summer humidity is unbearable.
Spring is just a muddy, rainy mess.
Fall is nice but way too short before winter hits.
The weather changes so fast you can’t dress appropriately.
Nor’easters cause major flooding and power outages.
Black ice makes walking and driving treacherous.
The lack of air conditioning in older buildings makes summer miserable.
The cost of living is ridiculously high.
Housing prices are unaffordable for many people.
Property taxes are outrageous.
Gas prices are consistently higher than the national average.
There are too few job opportunities outside of major cities.
Everything, from groceries to utilities, is overpriced.
The cost of college tuition in the region is astronomical.
The job market is overly competitive.
Businesses are leaving due to high taxes.
Renting an apartment costs as much as a mortgage elsewhere.
Boston traffic is among the worst in the country.
The public transportation system is unreliable and outdated.
The MBTA constantly breaks down, especially in the winter.
Parking in cities is expensive and hard to find.
Road construction never seems to end.
Highway tolls are expensive and keep increasing.
Drivers are aggressive and impatient.
Rotaries (traffic circles) are chaotic and stressful.
Small towns have little to no public transportation options.
The roads are narrow, making winter driving even more dangerous.
People are known for being cold and unfriendly.
It’s hard to make new friends if you aren’t from the area.
There’s a strong "born-and-raised" attitude that excludes newcomers.
Sports rivalries can be obnoxious and over-the-top.
The local accents can be grating.
Tourists clog up the best spots during peak seasons.
The food scene is overpriced and overrated.
People are overly obsessed with Dunkin’ Donuts.
The history obsession can get a little tiresome.
The political climate is overly polarized.
The beaches have cold water, even in the summer.
The hiking trails are overcrowded in peak seasons.
Mosquitoes and ticks are a huge problem in the summer.
Light pollution makes stargazing difficult.
The ski resorts are overpriced compared to out west.
Many small towns feel isolated and boring.
College students take over entire cities like Boston in the fall.
Everything shuts down early, even in big cities.
There’s an overall grumpy attitude during the colder months.
The sports teams dominate everything—if you don’t care about them, you’re left out.